type full_text Clinical Summary 83 y/Chi/FADL I. Comm ASmokerAllergic to Saridon, can tolerate Paracetamol Past medical history 1. HTN 2. HLD 3. Osteoporosis with L 2/ L 4 compression 4. Hep B carrier 5. Impaired fasting glucose Last adm in Apr 2017 for: 1. mechanical fall Cx by L 2 L 4 compression Pt was admitted in GW 2. R lat chest wall tenderness likely MSK 3.Constipation 4. URTI Last seen at OPS in Apr 2019 Losartan stopped ivo age, good BP control Current admission History taken from son over the phone at 5 am: 1. Slurred speech yst morning at 8 am, sudden onset a/w word finding difficulty pt started speaking in very short, broken phrases and seemed to take a while to convey an idea [REDACTED] anterograde amnesia, son reported that pt could not remember subsequent events of the day which followed could not remember she had taken her lunch or that she had bathed. As a result pt also appeared very confused a/w agnosia pt had spilled her coffee however could not recognise that it was coffee she had spilled a/w apraxia pt did not know how to use her tap at home to dispense water [REDACTED] [REDACTED] that this has not occurred before and pt has NO prior history of dementia, was lucid till yst morning a/w right UL weakness no reported headache or recent fall no dysphagia or drooling no reported giddiness gait is shuffling at baseline no reported sensory symptoms no reported LOC or fits Currently history taken ROS unremarkable no CP/ SOB/ abdominal pain no genitourinary or bowel symptomss/t pt by bedside, asked if she remembered yesterday's events claims she remembers however reported everything as 'my son told me that .. ' currently oriented to TPP to her she feels she was speaking slower yesterday feel right upper limb was slightly weaker but unsure like her usual self O/EAlert, conversant, orientedH s 1 s 2 Lungs right basal creps A sNT BS C suppleEOM full PEARLNo nystagmusNo facial asymmetrySpeech at baseline (acc to pt)Palatal elevation equalCN II XII intactNo dysmetriaNo pronator driftTone normal 4 limbsPower full proximally and distally, symmetricalReflexes 2 in ULKnee and ankle reflexes unable to elicitSensation intact bilaterally Nil significant apraxia today able to mirror thumbs up sign, ok sign and interlocking of fingers Initial investigations Trop < 13 RP NADHb 13.9 TW 7.39 Plt 269 in ED CT brain: 1. No large territorial infarct or acute intracranial haemorrhage is seen.2. Old lacunar infarcts on the background of chronic microvascular ischaemic changes as described. Issues 1. TIA with transient slurred speech, aphasia and right upper limb weakness ABDCD 2 5 Symptoms resolved on discharge Risk factor management done (See Point 2)2. Newly dx AF ECG on adm: AF CHADSVASDS: 6 Points 2 D Echo done on 19/8/19: >> Normal LV size. Normal LV systolic function. LVEF 59 >> No RWMA, Unable to characterise LV diastology due to AF.>> Severe left atrium dilatation>> No pericardial effusion. No thrombus. No vegetation. Started on rivaroxaban 15 mg in view of Cr Clearance 40 based on Age Started Bisoprolol and held off amlodipine on discharge for OPS to further review and titrate BP and HR Counselled family and patient on bleeding risk Discharged well and stable on 19/8/19 Discharge Plans TCU OPS 1 2/52 to follow upTCU CASPER 3 months Care Plan Discharge Plans TCU OPS 1 2/52 to follow upTCU CASPER 3 months