type full_text Clinical Summary GERIATRIC MEDICINE DISCHARGE SUMMARYSUMMARY 85 year old Chinese lady who was admitted on 2/12/19 with palpitations and giddiness secondary to newly diagnosed atrial fibrillation and was discharged well on 9/12/19.SOCIALMain caregiver: NALives with: Son PREMORBID FUNCTIONBathing: Independent Dressing: IndependentFeeding: IndependentMobility and aid, if any: Community ambulant, without aid Continent of urine: YContinent of bowels: YPREMORBID COGNITIONLatest AMT score 10/10 on 2/12/19 PAST MEDICAL HISTORY 1. Cholecystectomy >20 years ago 2. pTB 1008 s/p treatment 3. Gastritis Last OGD (2005): antral gastritis 4. Osteoporosis PRESENTING COMPLAINT 1. Palpitations x 1 episode a/w shortness of breath A/w nausea and vomiting x 2 episodes non billous non bloody a/w chest discomfort and diaphoresis a/w generalised weakness entire episode lasted a few hours, resolved once in the EDNil one sided weakness or numbnessNil recent fever, cough, runny nose or sore throatnil tremors, LOA has about 3 kg loss of weight over the past one yearPreviously nil such episodes SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL FINDINGSGeneral condition alert and comfortableH S 1 S 2 irregularly irregularL clear, nil crepitationsA soft non tenderC supple nil pedal edema notednil goitre notedMotor examination Tone normal Power Rt Lt UL (prox) 5 5 (distal) 5 5 LL (prox) 5 5 (distal) 5 5 Plantar response downgoing C.Ns intact Coordination not tested Sensory intactA. ACTIVE ISSUESA.1. Newly diagnosed AF CHADVASC score 3 started on bisoprolol 1.25 mg, increased to 2.5 mg OM (rate controlled. HR 70 80) 3 sets of cardiac enzymes trended flat ECG AF, T wave inversion in V 2 TFT and electrolytes normal 2 DE EF 60 , no RWMA, normal diastolic function, mild LA dilatation, aortic valve sclerosis, trivial AR, moderate TR 24 hour holter: Atrial Fibrillation throughout recording. Infrequent Ventricular Ectopics. No Significant Pause discussed regarding anticoagulation with family> started on 1 day of warfarin 3 mg with warfarin counselling done > CrCl: 26> however, after discussion, family prefers NOAC 1. patient goes to seek TCM each time she feels unwell she will get different TCM supplements/ medication that she will take on and off on her own family has no way of discouraging her from taking on and off supplements taking TCM makes her feel better and good and hence, it would be difficult once she is on warfarin 2. patient is half vegetarian and changes diet often family feels that pt's diet varies a lot and it will be difficult to watch her diet changes hence, this will affect her INR monitoring 3. regular INR monitoring this is less of an issue but a supporting point> explained that patient has borderline renal function and renal function will deteriorate, hence, warfarin was recommended by medical team> also explained that there are no studies for NOACs in the elderly with CrCl <25 and hence it is not recommended > however family keen to start NOACs instead and agreeable to monitor renal function closely and will consider switching to warfarin when necessary in the futureA.2. Fever spike Tmax 38 on 5/12 pt c/o chills and nil other localising symptoms and signs of infection detected given paracetamol and fever lysed, no further temperature spikes septic work up done: blood culture: negative CRP 21.6 TW 7.8 Respi swap: nil virus detected A.3. Osteoporosis Ca (corr): 2.27 (1/12/19) vit D: last BMD: Unable to tolerate oral calcium supplements On denosumab last given in Oct 2019, 2 nd dose memo given to GP to monitor Ca levelsB. EXTENT OF CARE AND ACP DISCUSSIONEOC: not discussedACP: not referredC. CONDITION ON DISCHARGEMental state (if relevant): baselineMobility: baselineDiet modifications: nil changesD. MEDICATION REVIEW started apixaban 2.5 mg BD started bisoprolol 2.5 mg OM Vaccinations > Pneumococcal PCV 13: not given in view of episode of fever Pneumococcal PPSV 23: not due Yearly Influenza: not given in view of episode of feverE. FOLLOW UP PLAN TCU Punggol OPS x 1/12 for follow up on AF TCU private Dr for follow up on bone health with memo Care Plan TCU Punggol OPS x 1/12 for follow up on AF TCU private Dr for follow up on bone health with memo