type full_text Clinical Summary 90 years oldADL independent, Community ambulantNon smoker, Non drinkerLives with helperDrug allergy: NIL Past Medical History 1. HTN 2. HLD 3. Osteoporosis 4. Asymptomatic Microhaematuria S/B NTFGH Urology clinic. US KUB 2016: Suggestion of bilateral chronic renal parenchymal disease. Bilateral non specific renal cysts are seen. TCU open date. Pt not keen for detrusitor 5. Cataracts 6. Diverticular disease 7. Cyst of throat? f/u in AH 8. Ovarian cyst f/u at SGH OnG 9. Left leg osteoporosis and arthritis f/u SGH ortho 10. LBP secondary to sacral insufficiency fracture 11. Atrial fibrillation CHADVASC 4 on bisoprolol and apixaban Last Admission in Nov 2019 1. AF CHADVASC 4 Started on bisoprolol and apixaban 2. Deranged TFT: subclinical hypothyroidism VS non thyroidal illness History of Presenting Complain 1. LOC x 2 episodes Pre LOC was watching TV together with patient, sitting on sofa complained of chest discomfort, resolved after putting medicated oil nil palpitations/SOB nil headache nil weakness/numbness/dysathria/facial droop LOC: Uprolling of eyes a/w all four limbs tremoring (small amplitude tremors) a/w diaphoresis nil tonic/clonic movements nil tongue biting a/w urinary and bowel incontinence face appeared pale, nil blue lips unresponsive to call Post LOC spontaneously resolved after 1 minute was drowsy, but able to respond to questions nil focal weakness/numbness able to recognize helper says could not remember what happened Second episode occurred 5 min after the first similar semiology and duration Prior to episodes had 1 episode of abdo pain during dinner the night before, lasted around a minute, spont resolved nil intercurrent illness otherwise nil fever/URTI nil N/V/diarrhea Functional decline post fall 2 months agoTotal 3 falls in the past year.2 episodes was walking holding a walking stick in the air, and tripped and fell 1 episode got out of the sofa, walked two steps felt giddy and and right knee pain and weak and fell Current functionsince last fall 2 3 months ago walking at home with rollator framemuch more steady now however still fearful of falling still paying the helper.no memory declinefunction not due to memory Cognitive screenpatient has no issues with memorystill paying the helper's salary from her own account (Son transfers money to patient, patient withdraws and pays helper)remembers how to pack hongbaosstill cooking despite her mobility and quality of food is still goodsingle episode of cut on finger but not frequent didnt leave fires onmedications still handling herself, no issues with medication safety at present Vitals Afebrile, vitals stable Saturating well on RA On Examination Alert, comfortableNon toxic H S 1 S 2, no mumurL clear bilaterallyA Soft, non tender, bowel sounds veC Supple, no pitting edemaNeurological exam:PEARL 3 mmVisual fields intactEOM full, no diplopia, no nystagmusTongue and uvula centralFacial sensation normalFacial motor intactNo facial asymmetryno tongue bite markAble to speak in clear and full sentencesNo pronator driftTone normalPower R LShoulder abd 5 4 Shoulder add 5 4 Elbow flex 5 5 Elbow ext 5 5 Wrist flex 5 5 Wrist ext 5 5 Finger abd 5 4 Hip flex 4 4 Hip ext 4 4 Knee flex 5 4 Knee ext 5 5 Plantarflex 5 5 Dorsiflex 5 5 ReflexesBJ 2 3 BRJ 2 3 TJ 2 2 KJ 0 0 AJ 0 0 Plantars down downNil clonus Pinprick sensation intactNo dysmetria, dysdiadochokinesia Initial Investigations FBC NAD RP K 3.4, Cr 99 (baseline) otherwise NAD CMP NADTFT TSH 16.1, T4 10.4 ABG pH 7.36, PO 2 37.5, PCO 2 45.1 Lactate 1.7 CXR NAD CT brain: No established territorial infarct, acute intracranial haemorrhage or mass effect. Issues and Progress 1. Transient LOC Possibly cardiogenic syncope on b/g AF CT brain: No established territorial infarct, acute intracranial haemorrhage or mass effect. EEG: There was electrophysiological focal abnormality in both temporal regions (left more than right). TTE: LVEF 62 no RWMA. Moderate mitral regurgitation. Aortic valve sclerosis. No aortic stenosis. Mild to moderate aortic valve regurgitation. Left atrium dilatation. PASP 28 mmHg 24 H holter to be done outpatient, for follow up outpatient by CVM No recurrence of symptoms while inpatient 2. Subclinical hypothyroidism TSH 16.1 T4 10.8 To repeat TFT outpatient 3. Recurrent falls b/g Osteoporosis with known fragility fractures To assess for cardiogenic causes in view of ? cardiogenic syncope, orthostatic hypotension Predisposed by OA knees, bilateral sensory loss possibly from previous sacral insufficiency fracture post sacroplasty, fear of falls, anticholinergics anarex and loratidine Thoracolumbar spine XR no evidence of new fracture Anticholinergic medications withheld Reviewed by PT and OT inpatient: Helper is competent to assist patient with activities of daily living, safe for home For outpatient Geriatrics follow up Patient discharged stable and well on 7/10/20 Care Plan TCU SGH GRM new case on discharge with memo for recurrent fallsReschedule TCU with CVM (with memo) Outpatient Holter before CVM TCU Keep old TCU with OPS on 25/11/20 (memo to repeat TFT) Keep old TCU with Eye on 2/2/2021 Day rehab on discharge