type full_text Clinical Summary [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED][REDACTED] [REDACTED_PASSPORT][REDACTED]: indometacin, NSAID, ticlopidineAmbulates with QS at home Comm amb with WCADL assissted Lives at home with helper and eldest dg PMHx: 1. Type 2 DM Last HbA1c 6.9 in June [REDACTED_NUMBER]. Hypertension x 54 years 3. Hyperlipidaemia 4. IHD with diastolic dysfunction Previous admissions with CCF 5. Previous right TKR 6. Spinal stenosis 7. Post vitreous haemorrhage of L eye 8. History of symptomatic Hyperthyroidism 9. Right Hilar Fullness was noted on previous CXR CT Thorax done 2008 R hilar prominence due to rotation of mediastinum and combination of Right pulmonary superior vena cava 10. Mild moderate Alzheimer's Disease Last admitted Sept 2019 for to CGH Cardio 1. CCF, fluid overload precipitated by URTI 2 DE EF 55 2. Newly diagnosed AF CHADSVASC 5 Started on apixaban and bisoprolol History: Dg who does not live with her present at bedside 1. Witnessed fall Patient was walking with QS in L hand and helper standing behind holding onto patient's pants Patient felt numbness of L lower limb hence felt onto L side of body Denies LOC No jerkiness Able to get up with help from helper Claims unable to walk after, due to pain in L knee First fall this year Appetite poorer since discharge from CGH in Sept Not preceded with dizziness, no headache Claims occasional dysuria, no diarrhoea BO every 1 2 days No abdo pain No palpitation 2) Long standing R shoulder pain No recent trauma to this area Worse with above head movement Initial Investigations: TW 10.11 Hb 11.5 Plt 208 Na 138 K 4.7 Cr 157 Urea 16.4 XR Facial BonesHyperostosis of the frontal bone is noted. No definite displaced fracture of the facial bones. No convincing air fluid level seen in the visualised paranasal sinuses.CT Brain 1. No acute intracranial haemorrhage or skull vault fracture is detected. 2. Stable appearance of age related involutional changes and background chronic microvascular ischaemic changes.Progress in ED: Remained afebrile, vitals stableGiven IV tramadol and IV maxolon Vitals in GW: T 36.5 BP 161/68 HR 85 SpO 2 96 RAExamination: Chest R sided creps S 1 S 2 Abdo SNTCalves suppleL knee swelling with bruises over lateral side, limited ROM due to pain, 0 20 degree, minimal pain on palpation R knee full ROM, bruises noted on Medial side R shoulder limited above head movement with shoulder elevation due to pain L shoulder full rom Power 5/5 in R UL and L LL Power 4/5 in L UL, difficult to assess power for knee due to pain, otherwise 4/5 in L hip flexion and extension, 5/5 in ankle dorsiflexion and extension Sensation intact Mucous membrane slightly dry No subconjunctival haemorrhage Claims whole body pain including spine However no pain on palpation of spine Issues and Progress 1. Witnessed Fall on Rivaroxaban Precipitated by long standing L LL numbness, UTI Predisposed by OA knees, poor safety awareness Complicated by large left sided cheek hematoma and L knee pain with swelling No visual disturbances CLCLNAD CT brain and XR facial bones NAD XR L knee and pelvis: No fracture, A large suprapatellar effusion is seen in L knee. There are background degenerative changes with significantly reduced medial tibiofemoral and patellofemoral joint spaces with subchondral sclerosis and lucencies in keeping with cyst. Urine culture grew E coli <sens> Cefepime, Ertapenem, gentamicin, bactrim, fosfomycin, nitrofurantoin Discussed with son about anticoagulation, in view of high fall risk,son would like to discuss with other family members and continue discussion with primary cardiologist in Dec TCU. Aware that on discharge we will stop rivaroxiban in view of extensive hematoma, to resume by OPS when improving bruise and hematoma. Aware of stroke and clot risk int he meantime. Antibiogram PO Ciprofloxacin 4/11/19 6/11 Fosfomycin 1 dose 6/112. AoCKD likely secondary to dehydration (Frusemide and fluid restriction) Baseline Cr 70 100 > 157 > 121 > 117, overall improving trend Urea 16.4 > 12.8 on discharge Stoped frusemide, kept patient on FR only 3. Long standing R shoulder pain XR: Degenerative changes of the right glenohumeral joint with joint space narrowing, subchondral sclerosis and cyst formation are noted. There is a bony spur at the under surface of the acromion resulting in narrowing of the acromiohumeral distance. The alignment of the acromioclavicular joint is maintained. Nonspecific calcific density is projected anterior to the right humeral neck.PTOT reviewed: back to independence QS, would benefit from day rehab and is fit to do so Medication change Hold Rivaroxiban in view of hematomaOff frusemide and KCL in view of AKI and dehydration, for FR 1 L TCU 14/11 Hougang OPS with memo re: rivaroxiban 20/11/19 Eye TTSH 21/11 Hougang OPS 26/12 CVM CGH 14/9/20 Hougang OPS Care Plan Medication change Hold Rivaroxiban in view of hematomaOff frusemide TCU 14/11 Hougang OPS with memo re: rivaroxiban 20/11/19 Eye TTSH 21/11 Hougang OPS 26/12 CVM CGH 14/9/20 Hougang OPS